https://wiki.mozilla.org/Thunderbird:Autoconfiguration
https://wiki.mozilla.org/MailServerList
http://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?key=p49SW32nNYX0otkRc3UZUJA

Any changes where will go live and affect the new account settings of all
TB3 users, so be careful. For instructions about care and values, see
<https://wiki.mozilla.org/MailServerList>.


Alternative domains

Given that this is a plain file repository, not a database, each
email address domain must have a file here. Many providers have several
email address domains. In this case, please copy the file using "svn cp".
This will lead to lots of duplicate data, so we have to - for now -
manually make sure that they are in sync. You can see find the other copies
by looking into the file: the <emailProvider id=""> contains the
main domain, and that's also the main / authorative configuration file.
All other domains are listed in <domain> underneath, and all corresponding
files are just copies of the main file.

Mid-term, we should have a small database (with simple web frontend) do that.
For the record, using plain files and svn was not my idea, so don't yell at
me :).


Alternative configurations

Some ISPs / providers allow several access ways. Quite common case is that
both IMAP and POP are allowed. (If SSL is allowed, we'll just enable it,
no point in a config without SSL when SSL is possible.)
Another case is when a provider has different kinds of users underneath the
same domain, e.g. allows IMAP only for users who pay more.
Yet another case is when a provider requires different configurations
depending on situation: E.g. one only works within their ISP network,
others only work in their hotspots etc.pp..

In these cases, we'll create one file for each config alternative, and
name them with domain, space, name of alternative, e.g. "gmx.de imap" and
"gmx.de pop". Because TB3 will (to my knowledge) never send a space in the
requests, these configs effectively inactive. Then, "svn cp" the one config
that you want to be used to the domain name, e.g.
svn cp "gmx.de imap" gmx.de
Please make sure that the config is also available with a name, this means
there must be 3 files when there are 2 alternative configs, e.g.
"gmx.de imap", "gmx.de pop" and "gmx.de" (which is a copy of "gmx.de imap").

Again, this problem would be much easier with a database.
In the case of IMAP vs. POP, we could maybe also put both of that
in the config, but the client doesn't support that (yet).

Ben Bucksch
